br/com/letscode/request/ProfessorRequest.java
 br.com.letscode.request.ProfessorRequest
br/com/letscode/controller/TelefoneProfessorController.java
 br.com.letscode.controller.TelefoneProfessorController
br/com/letscode/repository/CursoDisciplinaRepository.java
 br.com.letscode.repository.CursoDisciplinaRepository
br/com/letscode/entity/TelefoneProfessor.java
 br.com.letscode.entity.TelefoneProfessor
br/com/letscode/entity/CursoDisciplina.java
 br.com.letscode.entity.CursoDisciplina
br/com/letscode/controller/DisciplinaController.java
 br.com.letscode.controller.DisciplinaController
br/com/letscode/repository/DisciplinaRepository.java
 br.com.letscode.repository.DisciplinaRepository
br/com/letscode/response/ProfessorResponse.java
 br.com.letscode.response.ProfessorResponse
br/com/letscode/entity/Disciplina.java
 br.com.letscode.entity.Disciplina
br/com/letscode/entity/Aluno.java
 br.com.letscode.entity.Aluno
br/com/letscode/response/AlunoResponse.java
 br.com.letscode.response.AlunoResponse
br/com/letscode/entity/Curso.java
 br.com.letscode.entity.Curso
br/com/letscode/repository/CursoRepository.java
 br.com.letscode.repository.CursoRepository
br/com/letscode/entity/Modalidade.java
 br.com.letscode.entity.Modalidade
br/com/letscode/request/AlunoRequestAtualizar.java
 br.com.letscode.request.AlunoRequestAtualizar
br/com/letscode/request/CursoRequest.java
 br.com.letscode.request.CursoRequest
br/com/letscode/request/DisciplinaRequest.java
 br.com.letscode.request.DisciplinaRequest
br/com/letscode/response/DisciplinaResponse.java
 br.com.letscode.response.DisciplinaResponse
br/com/letscode/controller/AlunoController.java
 br.com.letscode.controller.AlunoController
br/com/letscode/Main.java
 br.com.letscode.Main
br/com/letscode/request/AlunoRequest.java
 br.com.letscode.request.AlunoRequest
br/com/letscode/controller/CursoDisciplinaProfessorController.java
 br.com.letscode.controller.CursoDisciplinaProfessorController
br/com/letscode/repository/ProfessorRepository.java
 br.com.letscode.repository.ProfessorRepository
br/com/letscode/repository/AlunoRepository.java
 br.com.letscode.repository.AlunoRepository
br/com/letscode/entity/Professor.java
 br.com.letscode.entity.Professor
br/com/letscode/response/CursoResponse.java
 br.com.letscode.response.CursoResponse
br/com/letscode/repository/TelefoneProfessorRepository.java
 br.com.letscode.repository.TelefoneProfessorRepository
br/com/letscode/controller/ProfessorController.java
 br.com.letscode.controller.ProfessorController
br/com/letscode/controller/CursoController.java
 br.com.letscode.controller.CursoController
